For the most part, modernization is identified with westernization.

Urban culture appears to be attractive to many people, in particular, to younger people.

"AI" stands for "artificial intelligence".

Household appliances are becoming more convenient day by day.

My income is not adequate to provide for family of four, but we have to make the best of it.

The popularity of a website depends on its content.

You've got to keep up with it. Once you fall behind, it's hard to catch up.

As technology rapidly advances, it's tough to keep pace with it.

More and more people are rushing to make use of the interactive nature of the medium.

Innovation has something to do with ability to notice unusual phenomena.

A bunch of other companies are imitating our excellent methods.

The once desolate valley was transformed into a thriving hub of hi-tech businese.

Although there's still plenty of room for improvement, his invention is superior to conventional equipment in every respect.

The strength of the firm is attributed to its unique and futureoriented strategies.

Sony has integrated a wide range of functions into this cool gadget. It's catching on from coast to coast.

This tool comes in handy, so I always keep it close at hand.

"In general, consumers prefer quantity to quality." "It's the other way around today."

Obviously, the advertisement is aimed at teenagers.

The factory now under construction will assemble 1000 VCR units per day.

Efficient machinery replaced manual labor.

In those days, the gigantic corporation had a virtual monopoly over internal commerce.

With restrictions removed, thousands of new enterprises have come into being.

As a result of his ridiculous venture, he is in danger of going bankrupt.

Compared to the previous year, business is looking up in terms of sales. However, we haven't made any profit yet.

"I am going to be transferred to an overseas branch." "Oh, I'll miss you. Please drop me a line."

While he was away on business, his wife gave birth to a baby boy.

Apparently, Nick wasn't willing to take on the task because it would just add to his burdens.

Bob had intended to take her out tonight, but he had to work overtime.

"Please estimate the losses by Friday at the latest." "Ok, I'll manage it somehow."

"Nick, I'm counting on you." "OK, I'll see to it." "Thanks, I appreciate it." "Don't mention it."

He pretends to be enthusiastic when his boss is around.

He got promoted at the expense of his colleagues. He should be ashamed of himself.

As the recession set in, temporary employees were laid off one after another.

Nowadays, many people are out of work against their will. Who is responsible for that?

I've gotten pessimistic, and I'm worried about something I would never have been concerned about before.

Today, even white-collar workers are confronted with great hardships.

The authorities are striving in vain to stabilize the currency.

We've come to the conclusion that nothing is more urgent than reducing Japan's huge deficit.

The questionnaires were distributed at random.

All you have to do is fill the blanks below. (Please print in black or blue ink.)

In addition to a 10% discount, you can pick out an optional excursion for free.

Round-trip fares to each destination are as follows.

"Don't forget to confirm your reservation in advance." "I won't."

Be sure to check in at least 45 minutes prior to departure time.

I attached my name tag to my baggage, but it soon came off.

On average, these packages weigh two pounds.

This plastic garbage bag is free of hazardous chemicals.

This flashlight is getting dim. It needs new batteries.

Excuse me. How often do the shuttle buses run to downtown New York?

The motel can accommodate as many as 400 guests.

This suite is three times larger than my condominium.

Littering in this facility is subject to a maximum fine of $500.

That restaurant is always packed. We'd better make a reservation beforehand.

"Sorry to interrupt your meal but I'd like a word with you in private." "Can I get back to you later?"

The cook was astonished at his incredible appetite.
